now Boas went up to the
and sat down there and behold the close
relative of whom Boas had spoken came by
come aside friend sit down here so he
came aside and sat down and he took ten
men of the elders of the city sit down
here so they sat down Naomi who has come
back from the country of Moab sold the
piece of land which belonged to our
brother Elimelech and i thought to
inform you saying buy it back in the
presence of the inhabitants and the
elders of my people if you will redeem
it redeem it but if you will not redeem
it then tell me that I may know for
there is no one but you to redeem it and
I am next after you I will redeem it on
the day you buy the field from the hand
of Naomi
you must also buy it from ruth the
moabite as' the wife of the dead to
perpetuate the name of the dead through
his inheritance i cannot redeem it for
myself
lest I ruined my own inheritance you
redeem my right of redemption for
yourself for I cannot redeem it now this
was the custom in former times in Israel
concerning redeeming and exchanging to
confirm anything one man took off his
sandal and gave it to the other and this
was a confirmation in Israel therefore
the close relatives said to Boaz buy it
for yourself so he took off his sandal
and Boaz said to the elders and all the
people you are witnesses this day that I
have bought all that was Elimelech and
all that was Killians and Malins from
the hand of Naomi
moreover ruth the moabite as' the widow
of Mahlon I have acquired as my wife to
perpetuate the name of the Dead through
his inheritance that the name of the
Dead may not be cut off from among his
brethren and from his position at the
gate you are witnesses this day
we are witnesses the Lord make the woman
who is coming to your house like Rachel
and Leah the two who built the house of
Israel and may you prosper in Ephrata
and be famous in Bethlehem may your
house
be like the house of Perez whom Tamar
bore to Judah because of the offspring
which the Lord will give you from this
young woman so boaz took ruth and she
became his wife and when he went into
her the Lord gave her conception and she
bore a son then the women said to Naomi
blessed be the Lord who was not left you
this day without a close relative and
may his name be famous in Israel and may
he be to you a restorer of life and a
nourisher of your old age for your
daughter-in-law who loves you who is
better to you than seven sons
has borne him benami took the child and
laid him on her bosom and became a nurse
to him also the neighbor women gave him
a name there is a son born
yummy and they called his name oh beard
he is the father of Jesse the father of
David
[Music]
now this is the genealogy of Pires Pires
begat hezron hezron begat ROM and RAM
begat Aminata amoled AB begat naasson
and naasson begat Salma Salman begat
Boaz and Boaz begat obed Obed begat
Jesse and Jesse begat David
[Music]
you